LOST LANDS POLICY BOOK
We ask that every player be familiar with the contents of this file.


Player killing:
  'kill'ing other players is allowed but only in accordance with the following
   guildlines:

  1) Members of the Yllantra Collective and the Druhari Coalition may
	freely initiate combat against each other.
  2) Bounty Hunters and Assassins can initiate combat against each other.
  3) Bounty Hunters can initiate combat against Flagged Thieves.
  4) Gnomes and Dark Gnomes can initiate combat against each other.
  5) Assassins can also initiate combat against any member of the Yllantra
	Collective or the Druhari Coalition.
  6) Anyone can initiate combat against a player who has a Killer Flag.

If you 'murder' someone, then you will be marked a Killer.  Dying doesn't
remove the Killer flag anymore.  Seek higher justice than Death.

Role-played Rules of Engagement:
        1) Single Combat Victim can not be more than 5 levels below you.
        2) You can gang up on someone only if their level exceeds your
           highest group member by the amount of people in your group.
           (ie. OK : five lv 10's vs. one level 15
                BAD: four lv 10's with one lv 11 vs. one level 15)
                (RULE #2 SUBJECT TO CHANGE)
        3) Take at most one item from the corpse of the slain.
        4) If you register for war, don't whine if you get killed.

Rules of Theft:
        1) Take at most one item from the corpse of the assassinated victim.
	2) Don't get caught.
If you steal from someone and they catch you, you'll be marked a Thief, at 
which point, you are 'open-season' for any bountyhunters.

Only Single Classed Fighters/Barbarians/Samurai can register to be
  Bounty Hunters in their guilds.
Only Single Classed Thieves can register to be Assassins in their guild.
Anyone can register for war at the recruitment center (North from Market Square)

Holy Intervention: Any Being above Level 33 can intervene if a Murderer
 	is going out of hand.  However, they are NOT required to do so.
	They're not here to play Mud-Police and their actions can be
	challenged like anyone elses, at a Town Meeting.
	
Multi-playing:  You can have as many characters as you like.  However, we ask
  that you use no more than two characters at the same time.  We strongly 
  suggest people to role-play and as such, you will notice that you end up in
  the void much quicker in the Lost Lands if you stay idle.
  
Town Meeting: Any player can call a Town Meeting if there is something they
  want fixed/corrected/changed.  To call a town meeting, post on the social
  board and mud-mail Strom.  If you want a private meeting, then just mud-
  mail Strom and skip posting on the social board.  Anyone can watch the
  public proceedings, just show up at the TownHall (in Mayor's office).
  If the town meeting is called for the actions of someone else, then that
  someone else should also be notified both on the posted message and
  through mud-mail.  A time convenient for all will be made, but don't be
  surprised if priority is placed on the acting judge (normally Strom, but
  maybe one of his Deputies).  Be forewarned, if the judge finds the accusations
  petty or silly, the prosecutor can be fined/punished or put on the immort's
  ignore list, so don't go annoying the judge(s) with petty issues.

Rules at a Town Meeting: During the proceedings, only one person may speak
  at a time, this includes any commands which may produce a message on the
  screen.  (Except the judge, of course, who may 'butt in' when necessary
  (ie. to cut of someone who is extremely long winded).  Anyone violating
  that rule may/can be immort-frozen for some undeterminate amount of
  time.  The judge will appoint the active speaker, who will remain active
  until he/she gives up that priviledge for someone else (or the judge cuts
  him/her off as stated above).

